This is Cloud Code, driving a real
Chrome window. It's opening tabs, is
reading articles, and no one is touching
the mouse. There are three different
ways to give Cloud Code a browser. In
this video, you'll see all three. How
each of them works, the good and the
bad, a full setup, and a demo for each
of them. At the end, you'll know exactly
which one to pick for your situation.
Before we start, we need to understand
all these three options and what they
do. So, all three options do the same
job. They can do the same task. But what
changes is how you hand over the browser
start to Cloud Code. So, the first one
is using the Chrome extension. This
solution sits on your computer. It can
reuse your logins, and there's not too
much setup in order to use it. And in
most case, most websites cannot tell
it's you. So, it's good for bot
detection. Here you can take a look into
the good and the bad. So, it uses a real
Chrome. So, any logins and cookies that
you might have on your browser come
along. To the browser, it looks exactly
like you on the websites. As I said,
it's good for bot detection. You can
watch it work in real time cuz it works
as a Chrome plugin on the real browser.
The only setup needed to do is to only
add the Chrome plugin to the browser.
And overall, it's great to debug your
own web apps. So, the downsides is that
you need a paid Cloud plan. It doesn't
work on the free version. There's not
too much support for other browsers,
only Chrome and Edge at the moment. It
only runs on your machine. So, if you
need to add this to a CI or CD pipeline
in any server, it will be a problem. And
the last bad point is that it actually
acts in your logged-in browser. So, you
have quite permissions. Then, we have
the second option. So, it's Playwright
MCP. So, this second tool, you can see
it as a separate office with a binder.
So, basically, you have this own office
with a list of buttons that you can use
to extract data from the browser and
interact with the browser like clicking
buttons, listing elements, and so on.
And this could if you have some kind of
automation that you are repeatable. So,
you always do the same thing. In terms
of the positives, so it's It's of the
most mature solutions. So, it's been
there for a while. Build on Playwright,
so it's an industry standard for
testing. This is very good if you have
some kind of pipelines like CICD on your
web application. And another very good
point that's very useful for your
testing is that it can fake the network
requests. So, if you want to test that a
web UI changed depending on the request
that it failed, you can fake the network
response that it failed and see if it
actually passed this test that the UI
changed accordingly. The bad points of
this, all these commands, it's they sit
on the memory of cloud, so it will use
more tokens. So, every page we visit, it
will be copied into memory. Again, more
tokens being used. And some browsers,
since this doesn't reuse the logins,
they can see this as a bot. And this can
be a red flag if you need to create some
kind of test that it needs to log in.
You also have to implement this part of
the process. And also, some websites, if
you don't have this kind of login and
cookies in place, some sites can block
you because they see this as a robot.
Then we have the third tool, Agent
Browser from Vercel. So, this you can
see it as a walkie-talkie. So, it's
short and fast. You tell him exactly
what to do and it does this and it
returns the response only for that part.
In this case, there's no binder at all
like Playwrights had. And the memory and
the context stays clean because you
didn't load anything into memory that
you didn't need. The good part is that
it barely touches cloud working memory.
It's fast and simple. Loads the
instruction only when needed. So, if you
ask him to click a button, it will only
load the instructions to click the
button. And since it runs in headless
mode, so basically, you're not going to
see the live automation running. There's
also a feature that comes with it,
that's a live dashboard that we can
watch it. So, this is also good if you
are trying to debug something that's not
working correctly. The downside of this
solution. So, first, it's a young
project. It's not as mature as
Playwright MCP. It's Chrome only. So, if
you're trying to implement this in
different browsers, it will not work. As
the previous one, since it runs in
headless, so it will have the same kind
of problems in terms of bot detection as
Playwright. And compared to Playwright,
since Playwright was actually built for
testing web applications, it will not
have so many features as it.
Side-by-side, we can see all the three
options. So, we have the first solution,
Cloud in Chrome, is better used if you
want to reuse your own login and testing
your own web apps. Playwright MCP is
better if you want to run these kind of
scripts and automations in a server and
repeatable automation. So, if you want
to always do the same kind of test, so
if you're testing the web UI and you do
a new feature and you want to test that
previous tests also work, you can
implement this in CI/CD pipeline. And
the last one, Agent Browser from Verso,
is best for everyday lookups inside
Cloud Code. If you don't know which one
to pick for your situation, you just
need to answer these two questions.
First question is that do you need your
own logins or you're testing your own
web app? If yes, you go to Cloud Crow.
If no, you have to answer the next
question. Will it run on servers or is
it repeatable automation? If yes, we go
to Playwright MCP, so it's the better
one for the testing and for repeat
automations, and we can run it on the
server. And if no, we go for Agent
Browser, it's light, fast, and is the
better one for everyday jobs. Let's
first take a look into the demo that
we're going to do with all the different
three tools. The demo that we're going
to do is that we're going to point each
of the tools to go into Wikipedia to
this page. This page has the most
popular Wikipedia articles of the week,
and we're going to ask for each of them
to go to the top five articles, and
we're going to ask take the top five
articles in this page, open each of
them, and then to save the results to a
file locally, including the title, the
link, and two sentences summary for each
of the articles. Before we start the
project setup, there are some
prerequisites that you need. The first
one is a paid Cloud plan. To make sure
that you have one, you can go on
cloud.ai/new
settings/usage,
and you'll see here the plan usage
limits. It will have in front your plan.
Next prerequisite is the Chrome plugin.
So, for this, you can go to
cloud.com/cloud
for Chrome and you can go here and click
add to Chrome and here on the top right,
you left to add to Chrome. In my case, I
already have it, so I only have remove
for Chrome. After this, you go here on
the top on the Cloud plugin and you're
going to make sure that you click it and
you do a login. So, you need to be
authenticated. Now that we validated
prerequisites, we can start the project
setup. So, I have here empty project and
I'm going to initialize it as following.
So, I'm just going to create these empty
directories. So, for the agent browser,
for the extensions and for Playwright
MCP. And then I have the outputs folder
where we're going to ask Cloud code to
put the outputs of all our demos. Let's
start first the extension solution. So,
we can go inside the extension folder.
And in here, we're going to open Cloud
with a flag Chrome. So, this is going to
initialize the session. Now, we have to
make sure that this is actually working.
So, we're going to do /chrome.
And in here, we're going to see if the
status is enabled and the extension is
installed. If this is not the case, then
you have to go back to your browser and
make sure that you did the prerequisites
correctly. So, in here, we can click
ask. We're not going to do anything else
on this part. So, we're going to tell
them, "Use the browser to open so the
Wikipedia page that we just saw. Take
the top five articles in the report,
open each of them and then save the
digest to the outputs folder and we want
the title, the link and two sentences
summary for each."
So, we see it here. It's already open
the Chrome browser. We see it here the
Cloud MCP. We see it now going to the
page that we told them.
We can go back to the terminal and see
that it's actually calling the Cloud in
Chrome. So, it's interacting with the
Cloud extension. We see here that's
actually struggling to get this
information. So, the tab appears to be
stuck and it's going to create a new tab
and load the data from there. So, we can
see it here. There's here the new tab.
So, it's opening again this page. Again,
the same issue seems to be the case and
it's opening the raw wiki text to get
this information. So, if we go back to
Chrome, we can actually see that's
actually going to the raw wiki here on
the top action equals to raw. It's
finally completed. Can take a look into
the outputs folder and we can see it's
actually got the information that we
wanted. So, we have here the 1 2 3 4 5
articles and we have everything that we
asked. We have the title, the links, and
a two-line summary about it. But, there
was a lot of problems as you could see
and he also took 13 minutes just to get
this information. Let's now do the same
thing with Playwright MCP. So, we want
to close our session. We are going to go
inside the Playwright MCP folder. Let's
just quit the terminal and we're going
to open the cloud session in this
folder. After we're inside, first thing
we need to do is actually install this
MCP locally. So, for this we're going to
ask cloud code to set up this for us and
you just need to type set up the
Playwright MCP in this project and we
can pass the GitHub link to it.
It finished set up the Playwright MCP,
but before we actually ask him to do the
demo, we need to exit our session. And
why do we need to do this? Because we
need to create a new session from the
beginning so that it loads the MCP.
Also, to make sure that everything was
all set up, you can go here on the right
on the folder Playwright MCP and make
sure that you have this folder
.mcp.json.
So, let's quit our terminal and let's
open a new session. You see here already
telling us there's a new MCP server
found in this project. So, it's the
Playwright. It's exactly what we
expected. Use this MCP server. So, we
want to use it on this session and we're
going to tell him exactly the same
prompt to extract the top five articles,
but this time we're going to ask him to
save in a different file so that we can
compare later. We see it here is calling
Playwright. So, it opened the browser
here on the side. We can see it also
used Chrome, but in this case is using
the Playwright MCP to control it. We see
it now navigating to each of the pages.
So, it's going out to the Chuck Norris
one. So, it's going out to the second
article and we'll see going through all
the articles. Can go back to the
terminal and we can see that all the
five articles were read and is now
writing the digest that we asked him to
put on the output. So, it completed, is
done. We can see the difference in time
already. It was 2 minutes 38, not to
talk about the context that it was used.
We can go back to the outputs and see
digest playwright and again, we have the
same output as before. We have the five
articles with all the fields that we
expect, the title, the link and the two
lines summary. Now, let's take a look
into the last solution, agent browser
from Vercel. So, for this we're going to
go inside agent browser folder that we
created before and in here, let's clear
our terminal and let's open Claude. And
similar as we did to playwright and CP,
we're going to ask Claude to set up
agent browser for us. So, we can just
tell him, "Set up agent browser in this
project and add its Claude code skill so
it knows how to use it." One other
thing, this setup that we're doing for
agent browser or playwright and CP, you
only needed to do once. You don't need
it to every time you're going to ask
something for him to use these kind of
tools to set it up again. So, it
finished the setup and we can look here
on the right on agent browser folder and
make sure that everything is there. So,
we have our skill, we have our dot
Claude file, we have the skill lock for
this project, we have the node models.
So, everything here is set up for us to
start using agent browser. But before we
use, we have to close the session and
initialize it again. And why is this? Is
because the skills only loaded when the
session is initialized. And on the
previous session, we didn't have the
skills yet. Since this solution also
runs in headless mode, we can run the
following command, agent browser dash
what starts. You can do this on the
terminal, but you can do it also here
directly and it will open the Chrome
browser that we can see the live
interaction of it running. You don't
need to run this, but it's just for us
visually to see what's going on. We can
see it's loading the skill, so it knows
what this agent browser dash what starts
is and we see it here is running the
command and then we have it open on
localhost 4848 port. We're going to open
this dashboard preview here on the
right, so So, go to localhost 4848 and
we can see that we have nothing. We have
no sessions, as expected, because we
didn't start using it yet. We go back to
our terminal, and again, we tell the
same prompt to go on this page, get the
top five articles, and save the output
on the outputs folder. Let's take a look
in what's going on here on the right on
the agent browser dashboard that you can
see what's going on. Again, this
dashboard it's not needed. It's just for
visual purposes.
We see it now opening the page here on
the right. We see it now going on the
first page, the Chuck Norris one. It's
going to go to the next ones after. So,
we see here the second one, and we're
going to see the next ones. We see it
now saying that it has everything it
needs, so it already got all the
information from the page and is writing
the output that I just. So, we see here
the session was closed. Let's go back to
VS Code. We see that it finished, and
that the output was saved there. So,
let's take a look into it to make sure
that it also worked like the previous
ones, and we can confirm that it
extracts the five articles with the same
fields as the previous ones. As we could
see, all of the solutions, so the
extension, Playwright MCP, and Agent
Browser got the same information. Some
of them took a little bit longer with
some hiccups, but at the end, all of
them work. What this means is that you
should actually pick the tool depending
on your use case. So, in this case, we
didn't need any authentication. We are
not testing our application. We don't
need to run it on the server. So, in
this case, the better solution for us to
use would be the Agent Browser. Because
if we use the Playwright MCP, we were
going to load all the MCP commands
related to it. And the extension, it was
actually not needed since it's not so
efficient as the other two tools. It
ended up taking longer and using a lot
more tokens. The prompts, the folder
setup, and all the links are down in the
description. If you are using any of
these solutions in a way that I didn't
cover, let me know down on the comments.
I read all of them. If this video helped
you pick the solution, subscribe. It
tells me to make more of this, and I'll
see you on the next one.